meta(changelog): Update changelog for 8.44.0 (#14667)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 8.44.0

### Deprecations

- **feat: Deprecate `autoSessionTracking` ([#14640](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/pull/14640))**

> Deprecates `autoSessionTracking`. Instead, use the `trackIncomingRequestsAsSessions` option in `browserSessionIntegration` and `httpIntegration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Deprecates `autoSessionTracking`.
  To enable session tracking, it is recommended to unset `autoSessionTracking` and ensure that either, in browser environments the `browserSessionIntegration` is added, or in server environments the `httpIntegration` is added.
  To disable session tracking, it is recommended unset `autoSessionTracking` and to remove the `browserSessionIntegration` in browser environments, or in server environments configure the `httpIntegration` with the `trackIncomingRequestsAsSessions` option set to `false`.
```
